### 模板
It is argued that getting married before finishing studying or getting established in a good job is foolish. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

Nowadays, many headlines hit the newspaper on the topic of getting married before finishing studying or getting established in a good job is foolish. This issue has sparked a huge debate on whether we should get married before finishing studying or getting established in a good job. From my perspective, I believe that getting married before finishing studying or getting established in a good job is not foolish.

On the one hand, there are numerous solid reasons why getting married before finishing studying or getting established in a good job is foolish. For example, getting married will change your lifestyle and hence take extra time to get used to it. Although potentially negative impacts of getting married should be taken into account, which means ?, I still reckon that getting married
On the other hand, those who argue against getting married hold a different opinion. In the first place, it can be claimed that . in the second place, as far as schools/governments/society are concerned, the ultimate aim of schools/governments is to maintain and promote the well-being of society shape young people into responsible people in the future. As a result, local government and international organizations should make a joint effort to make sure that this situation will develop in the right direction.

In conclusion, while there are many strong arguments on both sides, I still firmly believe that

